21 let me hurry no let's find out to
know their own laws nature's I can't
keep a grip barrows yeah hella dough is
just lost agro-food berserk and nature's
visual that's stupid try to be like all
up in his model by the way he does his
thing you can pay him he might just get
one shot or they'll do it Oh sloot it
something nice nice fall Berserker zeca
rush come into the phone loser ah I
guess you can go at first level all
right you're probably got impaled before
we go so no cat I don't have you forget
turn up god Tommy
okay okay open up Oh God okay Dino mine
and take it ranges try to position so
just what aspect of the pack on I hate
you so much of it if this click no good
you're right i'm super slow up top and
drop it down I like a million them it on
their people behind us we're going to
get you charged it behind the mail a
place on another impale you will kill
like olden la if you're behind us so
anyway keep moving the eighth of set
theory watch the screen you two unless I
green showing her ride the fire
polls show intimately this yeah yeah yep
he's doing his art p right now and no
more RP good bail well there's gonna be
a chain thing next right so yeah let's
take them to the center I guess cat fuck
up oh my goodness its root position him
yep okay he's a little off center and
play strip show its neck fire then nice
nice trim I was actually really good
that will be good or meth hacking that
that duration of a kite will be good for
metha ruin down a sec here we kill
another spool sure okay you want to miss
in that center I mean if we can win my
wife great it's like something LOL site
don't know better l saluting yeah Donnie
cat is like scaling the wall then
disappeared sucks gotta be careful with
that right oh what the fuck definitely
on everyone else to kind of move the
somebody ran it like right into a bunch
of people hecky beggar omega spawn feel
avoidable that person's fault what ball
game zombie buff is not as just a died
they just put it on random daqing dot
yeah
yeah I don't just asleep when he comes
he liked music past that and I wants to
redo the Sun in them a little bit once
we did this one libel just position more
precisely because like as long if he's
perfectly positioned it's really
straightforward and six that he's always
like kind of a bit upset last night are
you fuckers he's done this RP 00 your
piece two percent she freighter will now
use frostmourne it's we get to finish
him so where's this guy drill that they
make it's eaten oh well he turns into
what well he ran away Oh simply cho'gall
like Sean one proving a bats that's what
all these Charlotte shall fear little
easy watch us right whatever oh man look
at that shop rad loot we got